# bibtex_zotero_citation_style
BibTeX generic citation style (works w multiple inline)

# What is this?

This is a Zotero citation style that converts citations to bibtex for Google documents. It's primary use is for Google Docs+Zotero+Overleaf, where:
* You have a complete draft in Google Doc, with Zotero references inline
* You have an Overleaf LaTex template

# How to Use
0. Download `bibtex_style.csl`
1. Zotero > Settings > Cite Icon > "+" button > select `bibtex_style.csl` from where you downloaded it
2. Go to your Google Doc
3. Zotero > Document Preferences > The citation style box should pop up, select `BibTeX generic citation style (works w multiple inline)`. Insert a bibliogrpahy section if you haven't already.
4. Copy the text portions of the document into Overleaf.
5. Copy the bibtex portion of the Google Doc bibliography. Save in overleaf as <your_bib_file.bib>
6. In the Overleaf document replace `\bibliography{...}` with `\bibliography{<your_bib_file.bib>}`
7. Recompile. The pdf should be updated with inline citations, pulling from the bibtex generated by the citation style! You no longer have to do this manually.
  
# What's different?

The [original document]([url](https://github.com/citation-style-language/styles/blob/master/bibtex.csl)) had some seperator issues and did not wrap citations with `\cite{`. I suspect I'll need to add paper titles in case same sets of authors publish in the same year but I'll get to it when I get to it.

### Thanks to
* Richard Karnesky
* Brenton M. Wiernik
* [vicruiser](https://github.com/vicruiser)
